He's stabilized, okay? Don't worry.
Gone. Let me help you choose to participate.
Quickly complete the whole good lesson. Go, go, go, go.
Suddenly he discovered these things.
Ten, go quickly. Quick, quick, quick.
What do we want? Mom. Can you think about what to do?
no. Son, how did you get here?
When the coolies come.
Ah, no. Hello, uncle.
I said you chose the clothes and they really fit you.
Mom, let’s sit down first, sit down,
Sit, sit, sit.
Dad thinks it’s pretty good here
We heard what you are thinking
What kind of uncle plan, what kind of quality-effect relationship?
All photography items
It’s not that I can’t think of any plans.
That's how you got through it so that the three of you can know
You are drinking big tea
I think agricultural products are pretty good
These are all due to the poor ties of the peasants’ mother country.
Yes dad
What we sell at Commercial Aviation are all imported products.
What electrical appliances, cosmetics?
But the consumer group is very long
In fact, there is a vast market
What do you know? There will be no more visits to the consumer hall.
You just sold a hundred catties of sweet potatoes
It's not worth it. Let's discuss selling a handful.
But tell me what I think
That hundred pounds of sweet potatoes
It’s the farmers who get the power and the consumers who get the benefits.
We made money again, so that's good, right?
It is more profitable to consume per pound. You make more money.